Add description for typescript facet and build script (#971)
cap-js/docs: tools/cds-typer.md

Make sure to add the quotes around the asterisk so your shell environment does not expand the pattern.

## Integrate Into Your Multitarget Application

> Having `cds-typer` present as dependency provides a build task "`typescript`" which is automatically included as part of `cds build` if your project contains a `tsconfig.json`.

Author: Not sure I understand correctly. If you are referring to the [former build task script](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/tools/cds-typer#integrate-into-your-multitarget-application), then you are correct that it should still work. But I believe it is now completely redundant, as the automatic build task achieves the same thing.
Not sure what the overarchig CAPire-philosophy on that is, but personally, I try to refrain from promoting TIMTOWTDI whenever possible for the sake of clarity.

> Having `cds-typer` present as dependency provides a build task "`typescript`" which is automatically included as part of `cds build` if your project contains a `tsconfig.json`.

Author: Is this still a blocker? Not entirely opposed to leaving it in if you prefer to. 🙂 If you have any more feedback, do let me know

> Having `cds-typer` present as dependency provides a build task "`typescript`" which is automatically included as part of `cds build` if your project contains a `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer: No not  a blocker :)

You should therefore trigger `cds-typer` as part of your build process. One easy way to do so is to add a variation of the following command to your build script:

```sh
npx @cap-js/cds-typer "*" --outputDirectory @cds-models
```
Make sure to add the quotes around the asterisk so your shell environment does not expand the pattern.

## Integrate Into Your Build Process
Having `cds-typer` present as dependency provides a build task "`typescript`". If your project also depends on `typescript,` this build tasks is automatically included when you run `cds build`.
This build task will make some basic assumptions about the layout of your project. For example, it expects all source files to be contained within the root directory. If you find that the standard behavior does not match your project setup, you can customize this build step by providing a `tsconfig.cdsbuild.json` in the root directory of your project. We recommend the following basic setup for such a file:

::: code-group
```json [tsconfig.cdsbuild.json]
{
  "extends": "./tsconfig.json",
  "compilerOptions": {

>     "outDir": "./gen/srv",

Reviewer 2: `outDir` seems to match the default value and might not need to be explicitly configured: `path.join(cds.env.build.target, cds.env.folders.srv)`

Author: 🤔 I don't think we can dynamically add values here, as this is the recommendation for the basic layout of a tsconfig.json, which is a static file.

Reviewer 2: I thought the `typescript` build task could calculate the default path if `outDir` isn't set. 
Of course, this is only an option if `outDir` isn't used by the typescript compiler itself which seems to be the case.

Make sure to add the quotes around the asterisk so your shell environment does not expand the pattern.

> ## Integrate Into Your Multitarget Application

Author: @renejeglinsky I see, that makes sense, sense for pointing it out! What do you think about this section title instead?
```suggestion
## Integrate Into Your Build Process
```

Reviewer: Sounds good to me :)

> Having `cds-typer` present as dependency provides a build task "`typescript`" which is automatically included as part of `cds build` if your project has a dependency on `typescript`.

Reviewer: I don't understand how this relates to MTA. Where is the connection?

Author: Sorry, maybe I misunderstood the MTA build. Doesn't `cds build` prepare all files to ultimately create a `.mtar` file, which is then used for MTA deployment?

Reviewer: Well, I'd say you're right, but MTA build is not the only way to use `cds build` so I'd expect either a different (more generic) title or a hint towards MTA deployment and maybe a link to the deploy guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having `cds-typer` present as dependency provides a build task "`typescript`". If your project, in addition, has a dependency on `typescript,` this build tasks is automatically included as part of `cds build`.
```
